
Well obviously there are certain limitation that you have to live with.
1. Cant download music from other shared Link: this is overdone by the quality of music available on IPhone and there are other means of sharing the music onto the phone
2. Truecaller does not work like the Android version
3. Dail pad does not allows to search contact by typing there initials - This was definitely a pain points initially but once you get use to fast speed of looking up faster in contact list this is not much of an Hurdle
It’s an expensive phone. Unlike many Android players, Apple has been able to stick to its premium price points for devices. And I mean premium.
You always need a case since the phone is slippery in hand.Only thing I felt missing is optical image stabilisation and some add on gesture.
Camera also sometimes gives problem.Flash does not work properly.For this also you have to restart your iphone.
1.less battery back up(I mean not less but for the given 3300 mah the stand by time is somewhat low {2nd update definitely improved the battery optimizations but I feel its not that great improvization} )
2.Single external speaker(Only if you want a loud one)
3.No NFC (It not at all bothers me)
4.No Quick Charging ( Feared about this before getting the device on hands but after the recent update the phone charges under 1hr 40min approx but it does takes its time to charge when we use it while charging . So keep the phone idle to get a decent fast charging)
Cons:
--Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion (who needs more than 64GB)
--Battery is not user replaceable
--HDR and camera speed performance just OK
--No Quick Charge and it takes about 3-4 hrs for full charge from 0 to 100
--No NFC unlike its previous phone OnePlus One. (NFC don't have much application as of now at least in India
--Limited availability. Invite system kind of, sucks! they should make it available via open sale soon.
the product came to me in 1 day, initiated a replacement in the same day, as its camera wasnt working, it was all blurry images, and if you change it to clear images, HDR, its flash option would disapper, now waiting to get my replacement done with a good one plus 2 phone
One of the most hyped worst phone with no customer service. Just after 20 days it started giving heating problem. Battery drains out very fast and one can use it max for 5 to 6 hours. After 2 months of usage it started giving hanging problem. Seems like all above reviews are paid and and created purposely for great sale. I highly recommend everyone to NOT to BUY this phone. WORST
3rd class software full of defects. Hardware and build quality is good. But usability experience is very bad if u ha e already used smartphones u will find lot of software defect.
New defects are introduced every updates. And customer care is shameless when u report issue they will respond yes this know issue. Or they will reiterate the defect saying how it works.

Issue i know big issue..
Camera : slight touch up down swipe on camera will change the mode, so if u r about to click picture and by mistake touch area outside the button u r camera mode will get changed and u will apoil u r moment.
Camera preview distortion in updates

U cannot put u r phone in 3g only or 4g only mode like in other phones. U r phone data mode is always auto.. So phone keepa switching between 2g 3g 4g..

Looks and build r good, photos clarity good but camera hangs whenn u do too maby clicks at one go.. So overall 3rd class software and stupid customer support
WORST AMAZON SERVICE.
My device Stopped working in just 6 months.
Worst mobile I ever had.
No any service from amazon & care center.
Amazon giving me address of closed service center & out of service helpline numbers.
Lost faith in amazon.
It's only been a month nd one of my speaker in the phone has stopped working nd now even the finger print scanner +home button doesn't respond!!!I thought it to be of better quality
My one plus two has facing a problem that it will be zoom when I tapped twice anywhere.
Kindly help to sort this. I tried reboot but issue is same.
'CONS' of this device are
1.less battery back up(I mean not less but for the given 3300 mah the stand by time is somewhat low {2nd update definitely improved the battery optimizations but I feel its not that great improvization} )
2.Single external speaker(Only if you want a loud one)
3.No NFC (It not at all bothers me)
4.No Quick Charging ( Feared about this before getting the device on hands but after the recent update the phone charges under 1hr 40min approx but it does takes its time to charge when we use it while charging . So keep the phone idle to get a decent fast charging)
