Writing this review after Using my first IPhone 6s for good two months. Having switched from a Android phone it was difficult to get equipped to the IOS software, Performance with the new chip fantastic, Live Photos nothing can beat that, video Recording cant be better one killer part is the Music. I must have used at least 5 different android phone till date but nothing can beat the quality of the music on I-phone, no where close to it. WIFI works lighting fast.
You could shoot better pictures. The new 6s phones have a 12-megapixel rear-facing iSight camera, which Apple says will create brighter and clearer stills and video. This is an improvement over the 8-megapixel rear camera in the iPhone 6. (The limitations of that camera can be clearly seen in the washed-out details of images.)
front-facing (or “selfie”) camera also gets an upgrade with the iPhone 6s. The new phones ship with a 5-megapixel front-facing camera, a decided improvement over the 1.2-megapixel camera in the iPhone 6.

3D Touch is actually pretty useful. The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus offer a new input feature called 3D Touch and haptic feedback. It’s a touchscreen technology that can detect various types of user touch. A “3D Touch” is a long finger-press on the screen that conveys a different message to the operating system than a light tap or a normal touch. The screen then responds with haptic feedback — a tap — that gives you the illusion you’ve pressed down on a physical button.
phone will run faster. The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are powered by Apple’s new 64-bit A9 processor, which Apple says can render graphics up to 90 percent faster than earlier chips. The increased processing power, Apple said, will be most readily apparent in gameplay and video playback. The M9 motion co-processor is baked directly into the chipset in the phone to power things like health apps and Siri.
The iPhone 6 may offer some users faster wireless connection speeds. There’s a new antenna system inside the device that can theoretically (in the lab) produce LTE Advanced download speeds up to 300 Mbps. And a new 802.11ac Wi-Fi radio with multiple antennas could pump up Wi-Fi speeds.
Excellent phone, brilliant camera with amazing 4k recording and slow motion 100%zoom photos tend to be blur but that is not phone for. Auto focus is next best to xperia z5
Definitely and confidently no overheating issues (But goes warm with a heavy usage like all the phones {So there is nothing to fear about the heating issues of 810} )
2.No lag even with tons of running applications (serious multitasking can be done efficiently)
3.Awesome Gaming!!! ( (Not only an awesome gameplay but also observed that browsing took more battery than the gaming {even the heavy games like asphalt 8 failed to take up the battery} ,seriously if you are a gamer the phone can live upto a max of 6-8 hrs and thats a bonus from the OP2) and no framedrops,overheating while playing )
3.OIS and the laser auto focus made it a super fast super good camera ;) (The controls are basic but the OP guaranteed for the full manual controls in the coming updates)
4.Dual sim (I love it with the dual standby optimization)